Inline styles are very easy to apply but their downside is that the more complex your app gets and your
setup gets your component gets the harder it is to follow along with all these inline cells.
You will have a lot of code up there in your J is X code and it can be hard to read it to understand
it.
They are four walls you can use inline styles.
It's actually recommended to use a style sheet object and that's exactly what's getting treated down
there.
This uses style sheet which is a class in the end provided by HREOC native which is why we imported
from there in Disney and creates a javascript object which contains all your style configuration.
The difference to a vanilla javascript object which you could also create on your own like this is simply
dead stylish you create could in the future also apply some performance optimizations and apply your
styles more efficiently in the end.
Therefore you should use that because you'll lose nothing but in the future you might benefit from additional
optimizations right now when I'm recording this there is no difference though.
But again you should use styles you'd create because it won't hurt and you might get additional performance
optimizations in the future and no advantage of using the style sheet instead.
This will automatically add some validation which means that if you're using incorrect style property
or incorrect value React Native will detect this and will throw an error which simply makes it easier
for you to spot such errors.
If there would be no validation it would fail silently.
It would just not apply to style and you might not even see that instantly or you'll see that the styling
isn't correct but you don't really see why it's not working.
Therefore this built in validation is a no advantage of using that style sheet object here to create
you pass a javascript object as an argument.
So the argument you pass here is that JavaScript object and then that object you can now define your
styles and you don't do it is by adding padding 10 because it would be unclear where this should be
applied.
Instead you use any property name of your choice like for example screen to setup the style for our
overall screen view.
So for this top level of you here and you could have chosen any name you want here.
This doesn't have to be screen here you now have a nested javascript object.
So the value for this property is another javascript object.
And there you setup padding 50 for example.
So the styling we had up there as well.
Now we can remove that style up here.
I still have to style property but I no longer have to inline style object and instead here.
I now point at styles which is this constant which holds our established object.
I point at styles and then with Dot I point at the screen style and that's what I meant.
You can choose any name you want here.
If you would have named this route then you would have just have to use route up there so you can use
any name you want.
You just have to make sure that the names you use down there meet the names you use up here and now
just tells rec native that this view should get the styles defined for a screen down there.
You can do the same for our input container.
Let's say again this name is totally up to you input container here.
I will take it as style object.
I applied as an inline style to this view before and I applied this as my value for it as input container.
Now here on that view we reference style start input container.
Now if some auto formatting which you by the way can do in Visual Studio code by going to Preferences
Keyboard shortcuts and then search for format document that's the shortcut you want to press so that
auto formats the documents the file with that we have some clean code structure here.
We see these are our input container styles and we apply them here.
Another advantage of having this style sheet object is also did you can apply the same style to multiple
views without copying it.
So if we want to have the input container style not just on this view but also on this one down there.
While we could simply write style styles dot input container you can apply this style to as many components
as you want.
Now of course I don't need it here but we could use it here if we would need it not the last style I
want to apply is on the text input here.
Dear I'll just named as input website.
Too many curly braces set up my stalls here then and then on the text input refer to styles dot input
like that was that if we saved as we have the same look as before.
But now we're using the style sheet objects which makes sharing and reusing styles easier and which
possibly also yields us some future performs optimizations.
And in addition our J is X code here simply is much leaner now.